Rewrite overview (#7035)
zio/zio: docs/overview/running_effects.md

}
```

In addition to `run`, which is for synchronous execution, there are other methods available on `Runtime` that support asynchronous execution.

## Custom Runtime

If you are using a custom environment for your application, you may find it useful to create a `Runtime` specifically tailored for that environment.

A custom `Runtime[R]` can be created with a `ZEnvironment[R]` (which holds the context required in order to execute your effects), as well as fiber refs and runtime flags (which can generally be set to default values).

For example, the following creates a `Runtime` that can provide an `Int` to effects :

```scala mdoc:silent
val myRuntime: Runtime[Int] = 
  Runtime(ZEnvironment[Int](42), FiberRefs.empty, RuntimeFlags.default)
```

## Error Reporting

The ZIO runtime system automatically logs all errors encountered when executing your effects, so long as those errors are not handled by your ZIO code.

> You can specify a custom logger easily using _ZIO Logging_, which can intercept these logged errors and handle them as configured by your logginb ackend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a custom logger easily using _ZIO Logging_, which can intercept these logged errors and handle them as configured by your logging backend.
```
